demo_checklist.md, before:

# Demo Checklist

Use this checklist to prepare a local laptop or a workstation for a customer demo. These guidelines are there to make the demo environment as easy as possible for someone to follow, see and understand.

## 1. Keep development and demo environments separate

Create separate accounts in your machine for development work and demo work. In the development account (or profile) feel free to use dark mode everywhere and set your personal preferences. 

The demo account (profile) should follow below guidelines. This way you don't have to switch your settings at the last minute before a demo. Do this once and you only have to login to the account. No fiddling with settings at the last minute.

## 2. Use light mode

Dark mode for development and personal use is OK. The demo environment should have light mode. It’s very hard to see and follow a demo when dark mode is used across different screen resolutions. Sometimes the screensharing software reduce video which blurs everything and it's hard to see what's on the screen. 

Use light mode for Terminals, VSCode, IntegrationStudio, the browser and the theme used in the OS.

Some slides will have light text on a dark background, this is OK.

## 3. Use a lower screen resolution

A lower screen resolution should be used to make text and icons bigger everywhere. Just zooming in text alone is not enough. Applying a lower resolution should make everything bigger on your screen.
When in doubt, talk to a colleague, do a quick meeting, share the screen, and ask if it’s comfortably viewable.

## 4. Use selective zooming 

Learn how to use a zoom tool for your OS. Use this to zoom in and explain specific sections. If available, use annotation tools to annotate the screen, point, and get the attention of customers without distracting too much.

Mac - [How to use Apple’s built-in Zoom](https://www.lifewire.com/zoom-apples-built-in-screen-magnifier-198673) ([YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hl1jgty1e8))

Windows - [ZoomIt](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/zoomit) ([YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDeHjYevtiY))

Linux - Ubuntu/Gnome<br />
&ensp;&ensp;<kbd>Super</kbd> + <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>8</kbd> : Toggle zoom enable/disable<br/>
&ensp;&ensp;<kbd>Super</kbd> + <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>+</kbd> / <kbd>-</kbd> : Increase/decrease zoom

## 5. Use clear fonts

Use clear and neutral fonts when showing code. Default monospaced fonts comes with the OS is a safe choice. Check the default fonts for VSCode, Terminal, IntegrationStudio etc...

## 6. Switch off ALL notifications

Turn off all notifications from apps/phones/tablets,
* Google Chat
* Switch phone to silent/vibrate mode
* Discord

If you need to see notifications from the team members, keep your phone in silent mode and keep it on the side.


## 7. Close All Irrelevant Browser tabs and Windows

* Close all non-essential browser tabs and windows/apps. 
* Close any extraneous desktop windows/apps. 
* Hide extraneous extensions/bookmarks from the browser

# Demo content / plan

## A slide or two to explain the use case
Create slides to explain the use case. If it’s a complex integration, show how different components and systems are laid out and explain. This will help to put different aspects of the demo into context.

Explain the role of external tools and apps like Postman, OAuth2 Playground, Guardio React app, mock APIs/services etc… in the context of the demo

## Planning the demo beforehand
* Plan ahead to include the right amount of information within the allocated time. If it’s one hour, at least keep the last 15 minutes for questions
* Read the room - Sometimes technical folks like to skip right into a demo
* If you have a mixed audience, “sprinkle” in operational and business benefits.
* Prepare for interruptions - This will reduce the time you have to showcase content and use cases you’ve planned
* Show the right amount of information
    * It all starts with a story. What story are you trying to tell and show?
    * Show important parts of the demo relevant to their problem or pain points - message transformation, data mapper, salesforce integration etc…
    * Go into implementation details, setting up, product config ONLY if the customer explicitly requests it 
    * Showcasing multiple products/solutions within 1 hour is too much
    * Most customers cannot digest this amount of information
    * Stick with one product and use cases and cover relevant features
    * If the customer is trying to push for multiple products, push back and ask for more time or several sessions to cover everything. Clearly explain why this is necessary
* Rehearse
    * Run the demo several times and try to anticipate possible questions and on the fly modifications customers might ask and test those flows
* Plan to stay focused on the relevant features for the customer. We cannot talk about all the features of the product because it can get lengthy and complex. Stay within the problem domain of the customer and ONLY explain relevant features

Commit message:

Adding point about mouse pointer in Google presentations

demo_checklist.md, after:

# Demo Checklist

Use this checklist to prepare a local laptop or a workstation for a customer demo. These guidelines are there to make the demo environment as easy as possible for someone to follow, see and understand.

## 1. Keep development and demo environments separate

Create separate accounts in your machine for development work and demo work. In the development account (or profile) feel free to use dark mode everywhere and set your personal preferences. 

The demo account (profile) should follow below guidelines. This way you don't have to switch your settings at the last minute before a demo. Do this once and you only have to login to the account. No fiddling with settings at the last minute.

## 2. Use light mode

Dark mode for development and personal use is OK. The demo environment should have light mode. It’s very hard to see and follow a demo when dark mode is used across different screen resolutions. Sometimes the screensharing software reduce video which blurs everything and it's hard to see what's on the screen. 

Use light mode for Terminals, VSCode, IntegrationStudio, the browser and the theme used in the OS.

Some slides will have light text on a dark background, this is OK.

## 3. Use a lower screen resolution

A lower screen resolution should be used to make text and icons bigger everywhere. Just zooming in text alone is not enough. Applying a lower resolution should make everything bigger on your screen.
When in doubt, talk to a colleague, do a quick meeting, share the screen, and ask if it’s comfortably viewable.

## 4. Use selective zooming 

Learn how to use a zoom tool for your OS. Use this to zoom in and explain specific sections. If available, use annotation tools to annotate the screen, point, and get the attention of customers without distracting too much.

Mac - [How to use Apple’s built-in Zoom](https://www.lifewire.com/zoom-apples-built-in-screen-magnifier-198673) ([YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hl1jgty1e8))

Windows - [ZoomIt](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/zoomit) ([YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDeHjYevtiY))

Linux - Ubuntu/Gnome<br />
&ensp;&ensp;<kbd>Super</kbd> + <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>8</kbd> : Toggle zoom enable/disable<br/>
&ensp;&ensp;<kbd>Super</kbd> + <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>+</kbd> / <kbd>-</kbd> : Increase/decrease zoom

Use mouse pointer in Google Presentation to keep focus

## 5. Use clear fonts

Use clear and neutral fonts when showing code. Default monospaced fonts comes with the OS is a safe choice. Check the default fonts for VSCode, Terminal, IntegrationStudio etc...

## 6. Switch off ALL notifications

Turn off all notifications from apps/phones/tablets,
* Google Chat
* Switch phone to silent/vibrate mode
* Discord

If you need to see notifications from the team members, keep your phone in silent mode and keep it on the side.


## 7. Close All Irrelevant Browser tabs and Windows

* Close all non-essential browser tabs and windows/apps. 
* Close any extraneous desktop windows/apps. 
* Hide extraneous extensions/bookmarks from the browser

# Demo content / plan

## A slide or two to explain the use case
Create slides to explain the use case. If it’s a complex integration, show how different components and systems are laid out and explain. This will help to put different aspects of the demo into context.

Explain the role of external tools and apps like Postman, OAuth2 Playground, Guardio React app, mock APIs/services etc… in the context of the demo

## Planning the demo beforehand
* Plan ahead to include the right amount of information within the allocated time. If it’s one hour, at least keep the last 15 minutes for questions
* Read the room - Sometimes technical folks like to skip right into a demo
* If you have a mixed audience, “sprinkle” in operational and business benefits.
* Prepare for interruptions - This will reduce the time you have to showcase content and use cases you’ve planned
* Show the right amount of information
    * It all starts with a story. What story are you trying to tell and show?
    * Show important parts of the demo relevant to their problem or pain points - message transformation, data mapper, salesforce integration etc…
    * Go into implementation details, setting up, product config ONLY if the customer explicitly requests it 
    * Showcasing multiple products/solutions within 1 hour is too much
    * Most customers cannot digest this amount of information
    * Stick with one product and use cases and cover relevant features
    * If the customer is trying to push for multiple products, push back and ask for more time or several sessions to cover everything. Clearly explain why this is necessary
* Rehearse
    * Run the demo several times and try to anticipate possible questions and on the fly modifications customers might ask and test those flows
* Plan to stay focused on the relevant features for the customer. We cannot talk about all the features of the product because it can get lengthy and complex. Stay within the problem domain of the customer and ONLY explain relevant features
